Formal Feedback from Lawrence Jones to Jessica Edwards:

Goal:
The person who I will be giving formal feedback to is Jessica Edwards; Jessica is a part of the Autolink team. The goal of their project is to 
create an app that connects to a device plugged into an OBD port, which will then retrieve information on the car and send it back to the cloud.

Observation:
During the feedback meeting, Jessica performed user testing functionality, demonstrating tasks while explaining aloud. While reviewing the 
progress of the Autolink team, Jessica showed how her team set up a Bluetooth connection so the device can automatically connect and start 
reading the VIN. Once the connection to the VIN is established, it shows the year, make, and model of the correct car. When you click the button 
“Discover Supported Parameters”, it takes the user to a screen that presents different car parameters, such as the odometer, tire pressure, fuel 
level, ignition status, and battery voltage. Jessica explained how her team is still working on implementing functionality that will help them 
successfully get the values for the parameters.

UI Design:
For the most part, the UI for the autolink app is nice. However, I believe adding color will be more visually appealing to audiences. Some 
pictures would also be nice to implement; I believe adding pictures for the parameters will help users who are unaware of specific car parts and 
locations.

Overall Feedback:
The app seems to be going great, as there doesn’t seem to be any issue with code and its effect on the app’s performance. I don’t have very much 
to critique other than adding color and pictures. The autolink team is on track with meeting their goals.


Formal Feedback from Lawrence Jones to Jeralyn Saenz:

Goal:
The person I am reviewing today is Jeralyn Saenz. Jeralyn is a part of the HPV Vac team. The goal of their team is to create an app that will 
help people get HPV vaccinated.

Observation:
Jeralyn performed user testing functionality during the feedback session. She made two minigames. One minigame is an unvaccinated version where 
the parent tries to fight the HPV cells with the help of immune cells but gets overpowered by HPV every time. The vaccinated version gives the 
parents a chance to win by enforcing the immune cells and slowing down the infection of HPV cells.

Overall Feedback:
The HPV Vac team is on track with meeting their goals in terms of making an app to help children get vaccinated for HPV. The idea of creating 
quizzes and minigames is a unique way of targeting parents and children, making the app not only entertaining but also informative. My overall 
feedback on the app is that the time limit on the minigames should be a little longer so the users will have enough time to complete them. Also, 
the HPV cells and immune cells need to have a more realistic look.

