Formal Evaluation and Feedback
Project: TAG
Student: Lawrence Jones
Feedback by: Jessica Edwards


Clarity of Objectives: TAG gives an explicit explanation of the team’s objective which is to create an application that will help professors 
and/or teacher’s assistants to grade assignments, specifically capstone projects.

Methodology and Design: The TAG project takes on user driven design, which includes functions like authentication, semester management, team 
creation, and project grading workflows. It provides a clean template that helps with readability, functionality and simplicity that aids in the 
application being user-friendly and efficient. Also, the implication of authentication allows for only authorized professors and teachers’ 
assistants to access the application. 

Technical Implementation: TAG provides an easier setup for developers using Docker. Docker holds it consistency across different environments. 
It can make the project more professional, easier to manage, and implementation stronger. Using Ruby on Rails, following a Model-View-Controller 
design on the backend, maintained a clear separation on concerns within the project.


Overall Assesment:  The project successfully meets its core objective of providing a fast, efficient grading tool for professors and teaching 
assistants. By offering a simple interface which includes a login-based access system, structured semester and team management, and a clean, 
minimal workflow. The Rails' MVC architecture makes the app easy to maintain and extend and the basic authentication ensures that sensitive 
grading operations are restricted to authorized users only.


Formal Feedback from Jeralyn Saenz to Lawrence Jones:

Goal:
The person I am reviewing today is Lawrence Jones. Lawrence is a member of the TAG team. The goal of their team is to develop an app that helps 
streamline grading and managing capstone projects through survey uploads and team creation functionality.

Observation:
During the formal feedback session, Lawrence demonstrated how to install Docker and use it to run the TAG app locally. He walked me through creating 
a Docker container, running PostgreSQL, building the image, and starting the Rails server. Once everything was up, he showed the login page, how to 
upload survey CSVs, and how to create teams using GitHub tokens. He also explained the role of different Docker containers and the database migration 
process.

Overall Feedback:
Lawrence clearly understands how to deploy and run the app locally using Docker. However, the overall design and functionality of the app appear underdeveloped. 
To improve user experience, the app needs essential features like login error messages when incorrect credentials are entered. Adding more feedback for the user 
and polishing the interface would help the TAG app better serve its intended purpose.
